README.md, before:

# Freddy Bot

An open source Discord bot I made to play music for my friends since all the other ones got taken down by google.

- To access the bots help menu, use `/help` or mention the bot in a text channel.
- (Invite The Bot) [https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=914454054808211476&permissions=414476271168&scope=bot%20applications.commands]
- (Trello Board) [https://trello.com/b/Wo2BMjwA/freddybot]

## Features:
- Plays any song of your choice, as long as it's on YouTube!
- YouTube searching enabled, no need to lookup URLs!
- YouTube/Spotify playlist support for quickly adding your favorite songs to the queue!
- Discord slash command support making user interaction easy!

# Self Hosting (Not Finished):
The cool thing about an open source bot is that you can easily self-host it on your own system! If you 

## Setup:

### Getting Your Discord Bot Token:

### Getting Your Spotify Api Credentials:

### Installation & Configuration:
1. Clone the project from github.
    - `git clone git@github.com:DriedSponge/Freddy.git`
2. In order for the bot to work, the following environment variables will need to be set. If you're using docker, they will bet set in the settings.env file (See Using Docker):
    - `DISCORD_TOKEN`
    - `SPOTIFY_CLIENT_ID`
    - `SPOTIFY_CLIENT_SECRET`
    - `OWNER_ID`

## Running The Bot:

### Using Docker:
1. Make sure the system you intend the bot to run on has Docker installed and properly configured. **If you're not sure, what docker is or if it's setup properly on your system, don't use it.**
2. Clone `settings.example.env` and rename the clone to `settings.env`.
3. Open your new `settings.env` file and set all the environment variables. If you're confused on how to do this, take a look at the example in `settings.example.env`.
4. Once you've set the environment variables, run `docker-compose up -d --build`. This should build & run the bot. If you encounter any errors when trying to start the bot, (open an issue on GitHub)[https://github.com/DriedSponge/Freddy/issues].
    
## Post Setup

Once you have the bot up and running for the first time, run the command `!initialize` in any channel the bot can view.
This will instruct the bot to register the slash commands with Discord. The slash commands can take up to one hour to propagate,
but the bot will be usable once it's finished.

### Owner Commands

These are a set of utility commands to help the bot owner. All owner commands use `!` has their prefix, so they can be used without having slash commands registered.

- `!initialize` - Instructs the bot to register the slash commands with discord.
- `!statistics` - Shows how many guilds the bot is in and how many guilds it's entertaining.
- `!guildlist` - Shows a list of all guilds of which the bot is a member of.
- `!deletecommand <command name>` - Deletes the specified slash command. Useful for removing deprecated commands.

Commit message:

More owner commands for checking what is playing where

README.md, after:

# Freddy Bot

An open source Discord bot I made to play music for my friends since all the other ones got taken down by google.

- To access the bots help menu, use `/help` or mention the bot in a text channel.
- (Invite The Bot) [https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=914454054808211476&permissions=414476271168&scope=bot%20applications.commands]
- (Trello Board) [https://trello.com/b/Wo2BMjwA/freddybot]

## Features:
- Plays any song of your choice, as long as it's on YouTube!
- YouTube searching enabled, no need to lookup URLs!
- YouTube/Spotify playlist support for quickly adding your favorite songs to the queue!
- Discord slash command support making user interaction easy!

# Self Hosting (Not Finished):
The cool thing about an open source bot is that you can easily self-host it on your own system! If you 

## Setup:

### Getting Your Discord Bot Token:

### Getting Your Spotify Api Credentials:

### Installation & Configuration:
1. Clone the project from github.
    - `git clone git@github.com:DriedSponge/Freddy.git`
2. In order for the bot to work, the following environment variables will need to be set. If you're using docker, they will bet set in the settings.env file (See Using Docker):
    - `DISCORD_TOKEN`
    - `SPOTIFY_CLIENT_ID`
    - `SPOTIFY_CLIENT_SECRET`
    - `OWNER_ID`

## Running The Bot:

### Using Docker:
1. Make sure the system you intend the bot to run on has Docker installed and properly configured. **If you're not sure, what docker is or if it's setup properly on your system, don't use it.**
2. Clone `settings.example.env` and rename the clone to `settings.env`.
3. Open your new `settings.env` file and set all the environment variables. If you're confused on how to do this, take a look at the example in `settings.example.env`.
4. Once you've set the environment variables, run `docker-compose up -d --build`. This should build & run the bot. If you encounter any errors when trying to start the bot, (open an issue on GitHub)[https://github.com/DriedSponge/Freddy/issues].
    
## Post Setup

Once you have the bot up and running for the first time, run the command `!initialize` in any channel the bot can view.
This will instruct the bot to register the slash commands with Discord. The slash commands can take up to one hour to propagate,
but the bot will be usable once it's finished.

### Owner Commands

These are a set of utility commands to help the bot owner. All owner commands use `!` has their prefix, so they can be used without having slash commands registered.

- `!initialize` - Instructs the bot to register the slash commands with discord.
- `!statistics` - Shows how many guilds the bot is in and how many guilds it's entertaining.
- `!guildlist` - Shows a list of all guilds of which the bot is a member of.
- `!entertaining` - Shows a list of all guilds where music is playing.
- `!deletecommand <command name>` - Deletes the specified slash command. Useful for removing deprecated commands.
